Hi there. This is Chris, and I'm going
to show you how to use the l
s command when you're logged into the Linux
Smith computers. And to do that, it's pretty
simple. You actually, once you're logged in, there's
a command called l s, just l s
and it will list all the files in
your folder. I happen to have a whole
bunch of files in my home folder here.
But if we, let's say we're gonna go
into my one zero seven folder with the
c d command, which is covered in a
different video. I can type l s and
get all the files in there and that's
the basic way of using the command, but
the ls command has lots of different flags
that go along with it. So you can
type ls dash l and it will list
all your files, all the non hidden files
as it turns out in a, an interesting
format here that, tells you more information about
the files. It tells you in fact how
big the file is and it tells you
whether the file is a directory or not.
The little d at the beginning here means
that it's a directory. So the assign zero
folder in the old and the pandoc folder
here are, all, directories. So if I type
c d to change directory into the pandoc
folder, it will, go into there and then
that's that's an actual folder that I can
do l s on and see all the
files in that folder as well. Some of
the other, flags that you can use, I
like the l s dash one which lists
them all out one after the other and
then I can just scroll back and back
and up and down here and see them
like that. Sometimes that's nice. As I said,
the l s dash l works great. L
s dash al means even show me the
hidden files as well. So in this case,
there's a couple of files that are hidden.
Files that begin with a period are all
hidden on your in your folder system. So
anything that's actually starts with a period is
hidden, including the two interesting directories called dot,
which means the current directory that you're in,
and dot dot, which means your previous directory.
And that's also covered in a different video
on the c d command and working directories
and so forth. If you wanna know more
information about LS and all the different flags,
you can type man LS for the manual
page and it gives you the manual page
here and it says all the different types
of flags and there's a ton of flags
for for the ls command. And by the
way, I'm just using the arrow keys to
to go down in this file and see
all the different commands. You can also type
q to quit out of the manual page.
My favorite l s command is l s
dash a l r t, which means list
all the files including the hidden ones, list
them in that special format that gives me
more information, list them in reverse order, and
list them by time. So what this actually
does is it lists the files in the
reverse order from when they were created. This
directory is not the best one to do
it. Let's go into a previous directory. L
s dash a l r t says, okay.
I created the old folder, the most, most
passed and the newest folder happens to be
the pan doc folder here, which is, like
that. So I like the l s dash
a l r t to give you just
a listing of, like, hey, which files did
I modify most recently? Those are ones at
the bottom of the folder. So that's it
for the l s command. You will use
this every single time you log on to
the myth computers, and you should get used
to it. Thanks.